Document ended event not fired on .stop() (#11372)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediastreamtrack/stop/index.md

Immediately after calling `stop()`, the
{{domxref("MediaStreamTrack.readyState", "readyState")}} property is set to

> `ended` but does not fire the 
> [`ended`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaStreamTrack/ended_event) event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ended`. Note that the [`ended`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaStreamTrack/ended_event) event will not be fired in this situation.
```
